Add templates for standardization of files in each WG (#278)
chaoss/governance: templates/code-of-conduct.md

# Code of Conduct

> Please refer to the [CHAOSS Community Code of Conduct](https://github.com/chaoss/governance/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the [CHAOSS Community Code of Conduct](https://chaoss.community/about/code-of-conduct/)
```

Let's link to the website

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the CHAOSS Code of Conduct Committee via  <chaoss-inclusion@lists.linuxfoundation.org>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the CHAOSS Code of Conduct Committee via email: <chaoss-inclusion@lists.linuxfoundation.org>
```
